feat: add requirements section (#11)
polkadot-api/polkadot-api-docs: docs/pages/requirements.md

# Requirements

PAPI is designed to work flawlessly with almost any Polkadot-like chain. Even though, we have some requirements that the chain and environment have to fulfill.

## Environment

> ### NodeJS

Reviewer: Can we add `bun`? 🙏 Let's just mention that it works flawlessly with bun 🙂

```ts
import { createClient } from "polkadot-api"
import { WebSocketProvider } from "polkadot-api/ws-provider/web"
import compatEnhancer from "polkadot-api/polkadot-sdk-compat"

const client = createClient(
  compatEnhancer(WebSocketProvider("wss://your-rpc.your-url.xyz")),
)
```

#### Polkadot-SDK `< 1.1.0`

The JSON-RPC spec implemented prior `1.1` was really poor and we cannot feasibly workaround it. Polkadot-API does not support those nodes.

### Runtime

The most important thing to take into account is that the runtime needs to have a Runtime Metadata version `>=14`. We don't support any chain below that.

Besides that, Polkadot-API requires runtimes to implement some basic runtime calls. They are generally implemented in all chains developed using FRAME:

- In order to get the metadata, it needs `Metadata_metadata_versions` and `Metadata_metadata_at_version`. If they are not present, then `Metadata_metadata` needs to be there and answer a `v14` Metadata.

> - To create and broadcast transactions, Polkadot-API needs `AccountNonceApi_account_nonce` and `TransactionPaymentApi_query_info` and `TaggedTransactionQueue_validate_transaction`.

Reviewer: `TransactionPaymentApi_query_info` is only needed for querying the estimate tx fee. It is not needed for creating and broadcasting transactions.

> In order to create transactions as well, the following storage entries are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create transactions as well, the following storage entry is required for obtaining the genesis block-hash:
```
